live from Chicago's NBC 5 this is NBC 5
news everyone knows how important it is
to read to children right but our next
guest believes what the wreath can
actually influence them even more well
Alexandra FM ova has created a growing
through arts series of books launching
these children's book about dance hoping
that it will also foster interest in the
arts thank you so much for being with us
thank you pleasure to be here yeah
absolutely what got you started in
saying you know what kids need more
information and obviously attention in
the arts I started my first business 14
years ago by designing and manufacturing
professional shoes for professional
dancers and students and a brand of grow
a brand of my point shows Russian point
has been sold in the United States
market since 1998 upon the completion
executive program at the Harvard
Business School I was inspired to design
a brand growing towards that will share
the beauty of the Arts with the younger
generation and that's how the growing
through arts came alive okay now you
have a series of books here what is your
message in these books and how is it
different than other children's books
that you think will have an impact I
wanted to inspire children and parents
to make arts a part of children's life
because though what children learn from
the Arts is a lot more than just the art
itself they learn important skills
that's going to help them succeed for
the rest of their life like focus
discipline ability to work together and
independent I noticed you have even
little teaching moments in these books
these are their morals and values that
we included in the book that will start
the dialogue between the parent and
adult about make the children think
about what's what's the lesson here that
you're our culture's this is cultures of
the world this is part of the Nutcracker
book and well so they did we included
glossary words in the book so when the
children actually go to the performance
they will know who's conductor what is
the costume what is a stage what is the
theater and these are different
activities that are also through the
series yes we also wanted to make it
interactive learning process so we
designed an alphabet which integrated
words from the ballet for example like
leotard imagination arabesque and these
are the speak on letters that children
can learn words as together with their
ballet terms oh great you know what is
it do you think that there's just an
attention paid to the arts now and and
what do you think the the deficit that
children will be missing what will they
miss if they don't learn more about them
I think there's a lot of programs that
encourage children to make parts of
their lives but if it's done in a at
home together with parents in the
interactive way in the fun way of
reading a story a fun way of dressing up
a ballerina in a fun costume which all
the girls like module sick this message
will stick of and more okay thank you so
much to let love to be here beautiful
display here thank you for being yes all
right Stefan